Scheduling move checks to find best index (#227)
Mapotempo/optimizer-api: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - Improve case where service has two visits in periodic heuristic : ensure second visit can be assigned to right day [#227](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/227)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve cases where a service has two visits in periodic heuristic: ensure that the second visit can be assigned to the right day [#227](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/227)
```

### Removed

- Field `trips` in vehicle model. Use `vehicle_trips` relation instead [#123](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/123)

### Fixed

> - Capacity violation from periodic heuristic [#227](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/227)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Capacity violation in periodic heuristic algorithm (`first_solution_strategy='periodic'`) [#227](https://github.com/Mapotempo/optimizer-api/pull/227)
```
